{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1043\deflangfe1043{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Narrow;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1\trowd\trgaph54\trleft55\trrh1\trpaddl54\trpaddr54\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx4591\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9133 
\pard\intbl\noline\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\f1\fs22\lang19\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb15\tx2265\cf1\ul\b\i\f2\fs30 Curriculum Vitae\cf0\b0\i0\tab  \tab\line\ulnone\f0\fs24 Jos\'e9 Jasper  Nieste\par
*JAZ*\f1\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\f0\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\tx2265\cf1\b\i\f2\fs20 Gender\cf0\b0\i0\tab\tab\cf1 Man\par
\b\i Date of Birth\cf0\b0\i0\tab\tab\cf1 20-11-1975\par
\b\i Residence\cf0\b0\i0\tab\tab\cf1 Amsterdam\par
\b\i Address\cf0\b0\i0\tab\tab\cf1 Willeskopstraat 70\par
\b\i Telephone number\cf0\b0\i0\tab\tab\cf1 06-44504600 \par
\b\i E-mail Address\b0\i0\tab\tab\cf2\ul jaz_4u@hotmail.com\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\ulnone\b\i Sofi\tab\cf0\b0\i0\tab\tab\tab\cf1 188352855\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\b\i\par
\par
Education\tab\tab\tab\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\tx2280\b0\i0 2001 \f1\endash  2003\tab\tab HBO Duaal - business computing / informatics\lang1043\tab\lang19 Propaedeuse\par
\f2 1995 - 1996\tab\tab VHBO General Sector\tab\tab\tab\tab Graduated\par
1988 - 1993 \tab\tab MAVO \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Graduated\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\f0\fs24\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb16\tx2430\cf1\ul\b\i\f2\fs20 Software\ulnone :\b0\i0  \tab\tab\tab\par
Citrix remote administration,  Gotomeeting tools,   ABN Amro user applications, LG support applications , XS4all customer support applications,   KLM Cargo and KLM  Engineering & Maintenance applications, deep Inside knowledge about ZyIMAGE version 4, ZyIMAGE version 5,  ZyIMAGE version 6 , MS Office  \rquote 97-2019 , Active Directory\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\b\i Known Operating System\b0\i0 s \tab\tab MS-Windows NT - WIndows 10, Mac OS X, Android\par
\b\i Known development environments: \b0\i0\tab Html /Xml /SQL\par
\b\i\par
\par
\ul Classes and Courses\par

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\ulnone\b0\i0 -CISCO \tab\tab\tab subject obtained in school\tab\tab\tab completed\par
-ITIL \tab\tab\tab\tab subject obtained in school\tab\tab\tab completed\par
-Essent@Home\tab\tab\tab Essent@Home Internet and Customer service course\tab\par
-ZyLAB\tab\tab\tab\tab ZyIMAGE application course\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
-ZyLAB\tab\tab\tab\tab Advanced ZyIMAGE application course\tab\tab\par
-LG Electronics \tab\tab\tab LG product knowledge Course\par
-Social Tech  \tab\tab\tab Javascript &CSS&Html beginner course\tab\tab\tab\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90 -Regenbooggroep \tab\tab Communication and presentation course /Financial Budget \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab management course \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\ul\b\i Subject knowledge\cf0\f3  \cf1\f2 (School)\par

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\cf0\ulnone\b0\i0 SQL,HTML, Javascript, ITIL, Property Law , Project Management, Business Administration, Book keeping, Marketing, Math, English, French.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx2430\tx4815\par
\tab\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\cf1\ul\b\i Hobbies, Free time activities\par
\ulnone\b0\i0 -Sports: \tab\tab  cycling and running.  watch: soccer \par
-Interests:  \tab\tab reading and studying about  psychology and sociology / astronomy / philosophy / religion\par
-Tv: \tab\tab\tab national geographic , discovery channel , history channel and animal planet\par
-Social activities:\tab visiting bars and clubs, cinemas ,restaurant and big festivals\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i References ( please only use with my  approval)\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ulnone\b0\i0 -Ruud Arlaud \tab\tab\tab (Social Tech)\tab\tab\tab\tab 06 13943529\par
-NInan Esajas \tab\tab\tab (Vereniging Ons Suriname) \tab\tab 06 11256488\par
\cf0 -Maurice Salome \tab\tab (ZyLab)\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 020 3119070 \par
-Gavin Viera \tab\tab\tab Teamleader KLM-Helpdesk \tab\tab 06  17152217\par
-Ben van Valkenhoef\tab\tab (ABN/AMRO) \tab\tab\tab\tab 020 3436743\par
-Ronald Jumarali\tab\tab (Alo\'ebVera.Net) \tab\tab\tab\tab 06  19428179\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\cf1\b\i\par
\page\par
\ul Job Experience\par
\ulnone\par
\cf0\ul Social Tech\tab\tab\tab 1st Line Helpdesk and Host\tab\tab\tab 2018-2023\par
\ulnone\b0\i0 This is a volunteerjob. It exists out hosting a public room with free to use computers.People can comeby just to use the computers and socialize, or to receive support on all their IT products. Like Tablets, mobile phones , laptops or PC's. The support given was of a social kind, to people with the lower income or people who are from foreign countries . \line Most Support request in 2021 were on mobile phones about DIGI-D , barcode scanners, corona app and general messaging with email and social media. \ul\b\par
\par
\i Synchroon plus\tab\tab IT teacher to elderly people\tab\tab\tab 2021-2022..\par
\ulnone\b0\i0 This is a volunteerjob. The job is about teaching elderly people the basics in using the PC and Mobile phone or tablet.  Basic things like Googling, using the email, installing an app on your phone, or making online purchases are matters we teached. The job challenge is not the level of information but the customer who need alot of attention and patience.\ul\b\par
\par
\i Vereniging Ons Suriname\tab Data entry / support \tab\tab\tab\tab 2016\par
\cf1\ulnone\b0\i0 Digitizing the V.O.S. paper literature archive. The main task was to get all the paper documents in a digital searchable database. This involved data entry , document scanning, and orting out relevant data. \par
As a side task I helped setup stands on events and sell V.O.S. Literature \par
\b\i\par
\par
\cf0\ul Fujitsu\tab\tab\tab\tab 1st Line Helpdesk\tab\tab\tab\tab 2014\par
\ulnone\b0\i0 Fujitsu managed the support desk for KLM / Schiphol.\line Main tasks were to support all kind of KLM employees with their hardware and software issues. From stewardesses with their ipads, to airplane engineers with their systems.\line Since this is a vast company with many employees and applications we had to work and communicate with other lines and specialists often. This meant we had to fix what we could . or reassign to other departments with the appropriate details and required info.\line This was 24/7 job , and was done in varying shifts. \ul\b\par
\par
\cf1\ulnone\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\ul XS4ALL\tab\tab\tab 1st Line Helpdesk\tab\tab\tab\tab 2013\par
\ulnone\b0\i0 1\super st\nosupersub  line customer support regarding internet, VOIP and digital television of XS4ALL. Main tasks were registering , troubleshooting and directing the customers problems to a quality solution. This was done with help of all kind of measurement tools , knowledge bases and 2\super nd\nosupersub  line. No remote access tools were used , all calls needed to be solved with the information provided by the customer on the phone or email. \par
Also sales experience with cross-sales ,  product upgrade-sales of XS4ALL products.This meant we tried to extend customer contract or sell them an upgraded service, after we fixed their technical problems. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx90\cf1\b\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\ul LG Electronics\tab\tab\tab 2\super nd\nosupersub  Line Helpdesk\tab\tab\tab\tab 2011 \par
\ulnone\b0\i0 Tasks: 2\super nd\nosupersub  line support to customers and to 1\super st\nosupersub  line call centre agents. Resolving and registering calls at 2\super nd\nosupersub   line support , reassigning calls to 3\super rd\nosupersub  line or other departments. Support was through mail and telephone. Given to LG dealers, partners, engineers or customers. Support existed out of general LG Product questions/guarantee questions/repair requests and technical support on problems the customer encountered by using the LG product.\par
Supported product categories:  Home appliances (vacuum cleaners, refrigerators, washers, dryers) ) , Home entertainment (TV s , home entertainment sets), Mobile communication (mobile phones) , and IT Products (NAS, monitors, optical disc readers).\par
\ul\par
\b\i ZyLAB Technologies\tab\tab Technical Support Engineer\tab\tab\tab 2006 \par
\cf1\ulnone\b0\i0 Tasks : 1st -3rd line support  by email and  telephone, call ticket registration, Citrix remote administration, remote installations on servers and workstations of the endusers and customers .\par
1st  line white box testing for test department.\par
Creating ZyIMAGE web demos for Sales department, in order to sell the ZyIMAGE product to new customers\par
Light Functional application management forinternal  support and customers. \par
Rewriting and revising the ZyLAB-helpdesk procedures.\par
\par
\cf0\ul\b\i IBM\tab\tab\tab\tab 1st line Help desk employee\tab\tab\tab 2005 \par
\cf1\ulnone\b0\i0 1st  line help desk function , support on MS Office, MS Windows NT & XP and the  KLM custom-made applications.  Creating and registering support calls, escalating appropriate tickets to next support lines or departments. \par
\cf0\par
}
 